These links are the evidence we have offline meetings in library.
https://imgur.com/a/MlVqkL1
https://imgur.com/a/e9D2BOD
https://imgur.com/a/DGc23oX
Weekly meeting log for group 6
Week 8   4.20 11:00-13:00
This is the first week of assignment2 released. We are considering which function we need to add in powerapps to make our app more readable and give users a more satisfying page.  Also, we have learned the powerapps and how to use powerapps.
Week 9 4.27 11:00-13:00
The second week we are working on Jira report and set the goals for assignment2, and there are 4 main goals, which are writing jira report, writing powerapps and improve the content in the figma, writing the main reports, using github to create the branches and writing meeting log.  
Week 10 5.6 Saturday 2:00-4:00
This time is our first formal working on assignment2, we had a zoom
discussion online and we assigned work each other, based on the fundamental things we have done on assignment1, which are login page, sign in page, “me” page, a learning page and a post page, we added more detailed things, such as adding detailed mission in bonus, like reciting 500 hundred words get 1% bonus. In the process, we ignore some incompatible elements we use in the figma which means we should  rearrange our pages in the figma. So we rearranged it and used the supported components before we transport figma pages to powerapp.
Week 11 
Also, we have assigned work for each person in our groups.

Assigned work are shown as below:
Zhiwei Cheng: transfer the type of words and the color of the layers, edit in the meeting log and do branches in github.
Akid Al Tahasif Tunan: writing powerapps and rearrange the image and frame in figma.
Runyan Lin: modify the report. 
Qinghong Cao, writing powerapps and rearranging the image and frame in figma.
Ruixin Xu, 
Shicheng Wang, writing meeting log in github and doing branches in it,  doing jira report, burnup and burndown chart
After we have done our individual work, we construct all of our pages together
and can be shown in Figma.
Week 12 3.29 12:00-3:00
This is our second formal meeting and convened at fisher library. During this
session, we drafted essential components of Assignment 2, such as the UML
flowchart, problem statement, software use cases, and Gantt chart.
Additionally, we deliberated on the budget required to develop the software.
At the conclusion of the meeting, Assignment 1 was nearly completed.
Week 7 4.12 18:00-20:00
This is our third formal meeting at fisher library, we still had something that did
not cater to the requirement of assignment1, so we reworked them and then
discussed how to fix these parts. The main problem is the Jira report, so we
updated what we worked on in the corresponding time.
Everyone spared no effort to work on that and that was a great success.
Finally, we finished all the work. We construct our workings into a PDF and
then rearrange them, finally we submitted it and finished assignment1.
